You wake up on a ship in a cryogenic pod. You wake up from sleep to find that something has gone wrong with your pod and you have lost your memory. An AI who works on the ship informs you about the potential memory loss, and explains how the earth was in a nuclear war because the natural resources were running low. The remaining survivors of the war (a population of about 500000) are now on a ship with the military as leaders. 

Rank 1: Civilian 

You start out as a civilian, and the AI has a couple jobs for you (waking up people) 

Obejctive, join the military. But then GET REJECTED. 

You are sleeping one night and hear banging, so you go check it out and you find a deranged person who is breaking things, and get into a fight with him after he  causes an explosion and kill him with an object nearby. You throw him out the airlock, causing him to die in space.

The general rewards you from stopping the crazy guy by enlisting you in the military as a private.

Rank 2: private

As a private, you have clearance to explore the planet. They give you jobs to do such as collecting resources, farming food, and building shelters. This is where you first come into contact with the native people, and learn about their lifestyle. Complete jobs to earn xp to advance to sergeant.

Rank 3: corporal 

As a corporal, you are assigned a squad that you can assign jobs (healing, assault, ect) and level them up with you as you fight native crestures that try to attack your habitat. But if they get killed on your watch, they don't come back. Your new jobs include weapons collection and manufacturing, as well as interactions with the natives of the planet. You fight creatures and build weapons to get xp and advance to corporal.

Rank 4: sergeant

One of your team (whichever is the strongest at this point) gets into an argument with one of the natives and ends up killing one of them. Seeing this as a declaration of war, both nations must fight. Your character starts fighting natives but soon realises that the war will not be negotiated, only fought until the humans win the planet. Your character thinks this is wrong, and must fight their way to the general to overthrow him

Rank 5: general 

Once you overthrow the general you become leader of the humans and  take command of the ship. You try to negotiate an agreement with the natives. That's kinda all I got so far.
